hello to you, Anton, and we continue
cooking and today we will cook
a dish that fits perfectly
proteins and carbohydrates
namely pasta with seafood for
of this recipe we will need 1 pack
half a kilo of durum pasta
wheat
a kilo of seafood we took already
ready seafood cocktail here
we have shrimp octopus and squid and
shellfish
but you can take those seafood
which you like next you need to take 5
cloves of garlic 3 spice tomatoes
taste and soy sauce that's all gone
Let's start with the fact that we cook our makaroshki
how to cook pasta look at the pack
durum wheat pasta
boil water for about 10 minutes
we throw in the defense and cook for 10 minutes all
simply
pasta cooked
now we need to prepare vegetables
first of all the tomato need to remove the skin
for this we make a cross-cut and
pour tomatoes with boiling water about
One minute
now the skin of the door can be removed
easy and simple garlic shred
finely also finely chop
tomatoes
take the biggest griddle in my
case, it's a wok pan, heat it up
and pour a drop of olive oil
the pan warmed up tosses here
garlic and tomatoes and fry literally 5
minutes
it was the turn to throw seafood
but seafood must be
thawed if you took frozen
seafood then at least pour
horoshenechko throw boiling water frozen
the dish is impossible otherwise you will spoil everything
there will be a whole puddle of squid and shrimp
and all that you want to throw here
fry another five minutes now the most
time tuck about some yummy
seasoning and do not forget to mix
I intentionally do not sorel dish because in
as a gas station
we will use soy sauce
how much do u look at your face
taste note that it is salty so here
the main thing is not to overdo it better no
salted than overdoing stew it all
dealing with another five minutes and
the final phase throws here
makaroshka and we have the last
five minutes
fry the whole thing together for 5 minutes
pasta with seafood ready in just
This skillet contains 360 grams
carbohydrate from 180 grams of protein and the
time to try
great dish friends after
for a long time eats only
chicken breasts such a variety
just a balm for the soul
and you subscribe to the channel not
forget to put
Like this video and see you in new
Vidos for now
desirable hard wheat varieties and even
said undesirable and necessarily
durum wheat